/*
	The Web Empire
	Assessment
	Leonidas Anagnostou
*/

1. Websites that I like:

	a. https://www.spacex.com/

		a really nice website, with a dark theme, that contains many pages.
		All of them are very informative yet spartanic. So the visitor is
		given information in the form of bullet lists or small paragraphs. 
		The video contains many links to videos, which is the way to go if 
		you target a young audience. You can go through the whole website 
		and not be tired at all.
		Informative, simplistic, new-age


	b. https://www.spyrospanopoulos.com/

		is a simple, single page website. Has a minimalistic design, with 
		the navbar as its main feature. Once you select one of the menu 
		items, the screen splits in two and the content appears in the 
		middle. The Background switches between images that have a black 
		transparent overlay in front of them. That effect make the site easy 
		to the eye. (it is as if you are looking at a plain black 
		background)  
		Simple, clean, stylish. 


	c. https://www.mvmt.com/

		movement is a brand that sells womens and mens accessories like 
		sunglasses, watches etc. So basically the site is a shop. It is 
		nicely organized, really easy for the visitor to use and guides the 
		potentional buyer to the items, instead of throwing the visitor all 
		the categories and all different merchandise together, which may 
		lead potential buyers away. All items have good and many pictures.
		Simple design, bright white with black buttons for contrast. You can 
		not go wrong with that.


2. Websites that I do NOT like:

	a. https://www.jobeat.gr/

		through it you can find job openings in the food-sector. Some divs 
		of the page are really big for the information they contain. Poor 
		color choices (brown-orange). In the main page, there is a section 
		of buttons placed in grid (4 by infinite), so many of them, that 
		makes the page difficult and not pleasing to the eye. In the Blog 
		division, on the main page, the three columns, that contain previews 
		of the blogs articles, are not of the same length making the site 
		look weird and cheap. 


	b. https://www.honda-motorcycles.gr/

		it is the website of the official Honda motorcycle dealer in Greece.
		Everytime you load the site, a big disclamer appears in the middle 
		of the screen, making your experience not so nice.
		The main page does not really have a navbar. There are some buttons 
		on the top left corner, which are not really interesting for the 
		visitor and have nothing to do with motorcycles. On the top left 
		corner there is a button with the text "start your engines". That 
		leads you to the page where the motorcycles are, but its not so 
		intuitive. Once you find yourself there and you choose a specific 
		bike model, you have to scroll down for aaages. At the very bottom 
		of the page you will at last find the specifications of the choosen 
		bike. This Website has many faults, frustrates and tires the visitor.


	c. https://www.mandis-home.gr/

		this shop has everything to offer to the customer and all those 
		items are placed in the main page. It is a mess. Messages are 
		running across the page, images flash before your eyes. Too much 
		information equals no information. Every single technique that is 
		used is wrong. 